shiny solos this what shiny cirrhosis
what why sorry cirrhosis but come play
white too
while you walk up three let me wrote
five with the great idea but I guess
stay here I was on skype but I don't
know who's really here the ROI Chinese
and lost the dragon okay Cole we jump no
machine device this is on my white to
again like I said I'm going to stay here
because I want to Travis hey it's so
cool I'm gonna keep it so Llosa's to
let's just follow a great ball
this took me no encounters all my Genest
I was hunting route I mean I wasn't
hunting about ten on my leaf green fire
red and fire number two and I had urge
to hunt about five gosh 283 hours
Chinese solo sis I was also west and Han
Chinese he was also on here looks like
he just got on this was on the same day
as my badge for us to sing came with
camera and that's her Ruby so we have
impish Arnie superior mild
sharni breviary let me sit here
well I'm Chinese guessing careful
glossing drop dragon just as modest and
sound how Chinese kisses naive and I'll
guess rash tasty its - defense must be
that's okay let's see the counters I am
really really wanting to see the
encounters I just started to set today
this is not even a thousand counters
again kill me
this is around two hundred and Countess
no okay let's see they are going to kill
me
subtracted by three three one oh what
188 encountered oh my goodness oh my
gosh that's too brilliant oh my gosh
I'm really surprised to see it in this
game too dumb my gosh roofie and like
nothing - but here's my let me zoom in
here's my bag her seriously nothing in
the bag I just started this on today
Wow
um three or don't quit everything
oh no now it's always freaking happens
okay I'll fast forward this plant but
I'll show you the sparkle sparkles first
one first rolling this
so awesome okay let the fast form begin
okay I'm back sorry for that tour guides
and Ally person shifts on the counters
I'm going to to hunting here like I said
like you're a lifeguard a solo since I
saw that rot away through up there goes
this once this is so weak although you
get bright like I say I'm gonna keep
this low locus most likely when you
revive it and show the last encounter
thank you guys for watching
I'm Judy super far 5 hope this isn't too
long as video and I'll see you guys
later
alright see ya